---
slug: about
title: About Me
---

I am currently a University of Illinois undergraduate student pursuing a dual degree in Information Systems and Statistics with a certificate in Data Science. These degrees will drive me toward a career where I will apply technology to problem solving, lead and collaborate on interdisciplinary teams, and drive innovation.

On campus, I am a project manager for SCNO (Students Consulting for Non-Profit Organizations). I am currently leading a team in providing financial planning and analysis for the Junior League of Champaign-Urbana (JLCU). This project is positively impacting the community by increasing JLCU’s outreach and ability to provide scholarships and education for women and children in need. I am also a member of Illinois Business Council. I have gained leadership experience as a member of both the Charity Fundraising committee and the Technology committee. I have had the opportunity to lead events that educate other members in the field of technology, as well as raise both awareness and funds for charity. 
Through my work in Illinois Business Council and SCNO, I have gained valuable professional skills, while assisting the underserved in local communities and around the globe.

Professionally, I interned at Zebra Technologies Corporation this past summer as a Business Analyst Intern. During this internship, I had the opportunity to develop an inventory optimization tool, which generated initial savings of approximately $7 million. This tool integrated multiple technologies including Oracle Business Intelligence, Microsoft Access, Power BI, and PowerApps. I also gained experience with other software applications such as Microsoft Flow, and Microsoft’s Visual Basic programming language. Additionally, I have interned at INTREN, INC. as a Supply Chain Management Intern. In this role, I was responsible for creating and distributing weekly cost analysis reports to identify key areas for improved equipment optimization. I also learned how to utilize various technologies such as SQL and Excel macros to build a replenishment model for various construction equipment products. 